---
title: "Jesus: The Manna From Heaven"
layout: ../../../layouts/Page.astro
date: "2017-06-06 22:15:54"
nav: false
---
# Jesus: The Manna From Heaven
## WHO IS THIS JESUS?

Who is Jesus and what gives Him the right to say He is the Son of God and the Manna from heaven? This is argued by many religions as most now believe He existed (only after the proof he walked the earth came available.) They believe He was just a prophet like Mohammad or Buddha or like one of many others. The Islamic way would argue Jesus would never say he was the Son of God! The Jews didn't believe He was the Messiah or the Son of God or a King. They looked for signs but even though Jesus filled every one of the 300 (200 prophecies in Isaiah), they rejected him and couldn’t see through their religion because He was not as they expected and did not teach as they expected.

## So again, Why does he say He is the Son of God, The Bread of Life?

In order to answer this, we must first establish his roots. We need to know where he comes from and to do that we start in John 1:1 1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. 2 He was in the beginning with God. 3 All things came into being by Him, and apart from Him nothing came into being that has come into being. 4 In Him was life, and the life was the light of men. 5 And the light shines in the darkness, and the darkness did not comprehend it. John 1:1-5 To me, this seems to describe most of what we have talked about already. Now we need to know who this "Word" is since Jesus’ claims seem to fit that description.

## How can we find out who the Word is?

I want to start by showing a different translation of the bible that is also called the word but is a translated version of the word to English. 1 IN THE beginning \[before all time\] was the Word (aChrist), and the Word was with God, and the Word was God bHimself.  \[<u>Isa 9:6</u>.\] 2 He was present originally with God. 3 All things were made and came into existence through Him; and without Him was not even one thing made that has come into being. 4 In Him was Life, and the Life was the Light of men.5 And the Light shines on in the darkness, for the darkness has never overpowered it \[put it out or absorbed it or appropriated it, and is unreceptive to it\]. We can have a more in depth understanding (both physically and spiritually) of what is going on here. I do this because we need to look and compare when we study to get the correct answers. What I just did above is an example of this.    One bible version may be clearer than another but I’ll show a translation that is an interpretation that misses the mark and leads astray on many things.  This interpretation has become popular these days and it is called the Message. Many today use this in place of a bible and even call it a bible but it is one individual's interpretation of the bible written out. Scary, isn’t it...putting your eternity into a human’s interpretation. John 1:1-51 The Word was first,the Word present to God,God present to the Word.The Word was God,2 in readiness for God from day one.3 Everything was created through him;nothing — not one thing! — came into being without him. 4 What came into existence was Life,and the Life was Light to live by.5 The Life-Light blazed out of the darkness;the darkness couldn't put it out. (from THE MESSAGE: The Bible in Contemporary Language © 2002 by Eugene H. Peterson. All rights reserved.) Now compare that to the above translations and you will see a person will miss most of who and what Jesus is and what the inspired word had to say for a diluted and watered down writing. So now lets go deeper and see if I am right because you don’t want to take my word for it, that’s just as bad.   ([greek pic here](/admin/uploads/john1,1-5greek.jpg)) We can see that the word used is Logos and this logos was with Theon (God the father) in the beginning of creation and time itself. We can also see the logos is also God but is a different word called Theos. Theos was with  God (theon) and in v 3 we see the logos or Theon (theos) was the one who created everything and in v4 In the Logos (Theos) was the zooee life and He was the light of men except men were not created yet. V5 Darkness cannot comprehend the light of Theos or Logos. In this we see the logos is life, zooee  life. He  spoke into existence the physical life and is the zooee (spiritual ) life. The Word made flesh to give life to men It is right after this we see John bearing witness to the light and preparing the way in John 1:6-8 (Mal. 3:1)  In v10 we can see a start of the verification and references to who Jesus was and why he came (until we get to v 14). John 1:14 14 And the Word (Christ) became flesh (human, incarnate) and tabernacled (fixed His tent of flesh, lived awhile) among us; and we \[actually\] saw His glory (His honor, His majesty), such glory as an only begotten son receives from his father, full of grace (favor, loving-kindness) and truth.  \[<u>Isa 40:5</u>.\] John 1:15-18 15 John testified about Him and cried out, This was He of Whom I said, He Who comes after me has priority over me, for He was before me. \[He takes rank above me, for He existed before I did. He has advanced before me, because He is my Chief.\] 16 For out of His fullness (abundance) we have all received \[all had a share and we were all supplied with\] one grace after another and spiritual blessing upon spiritual blessing and even favor upon favor and gift \[heaped\] upon gift. 17 For while the Law was given through Moses, grace (dunearned, undeserved favor and spiritual blessing) and truth came through Jesus Christ.  \[<u>Ex 20:1</u>.\] 18 No man has ever seen God at any time; the only eunique Son, or fthe only begotten God, Who is in the bosom \[in the intimate presence\] of the Father, He has declared Him \[He has revealed Him and brought Him out where He can be seen; He has interpreted Him and He has made Him known\].  \[<u>Prov 8:30</u>.\] Jesus is life to man and he is the I am John 14:5-7 is now understood. The word life there is "I am" (the zooee life)    ([pic I am](/admin/uploads/i%20am.jpg)) Jesus: The Bread Of Life, Manna From Heaven We can see several times a physical manna from heaven the kept physical bodies alive. Here is a list of scriptures on physical manna from heaven: Exodus 16 (all of chapter)  Every day they had to put effort to go out and get the manna. Every day they had to be obedient to get it to see the glory of the Lord, but was the evening they got to see the lord provide meat to put with the manna. They were told on the 6<sup>th</sup> day to  put back double for and that was the Sabbath to test obedience. That was the only day the manna would not spoil from one day to the next. Many did not do as told and was disobedient .Num. 11 john 6:31-32 Jesus is the manna (bread) from heaven and again .. John6:53-65 nehemiah 9:13-19 The reference again to the thirst and food how moses represented and how stiff necked, turning to evil the Israelites where. …The Lord is forgiving ps 105:40 Rev. 2:12-17 Jesus is the Hidden manna for the believer who overcomes but notice what ws held against these people. We better apply thid to our lives today and not do what they did in Gods warning. The nicolation teachings practiced witchcraft and pagan bale traditions and only the overcomer of that gets the hidden manna. Rev 2:7 John 6:34-36 Jesus is to the soul what bread is to the body Man not live by bread alone but by evey word from the mouth of God..mat 4:4 deut 8:1-4 Fresh manna from heaven.. it renews the soul and is imperative and substance us.. It is how we are descipled by God through the Holy Spirit John 5:39, we are to search the scripture daily ( go get manna) and the new wine of life. Today, it is just like the Israelites who were in the desert .  They didn’t know what true manna was and just like today muzzle not the ox that treads the grain.  They shouldn't stop those that share the manna and sift the wheat.  This is the harvest fields (the ox),  not the sheep pin. The ox is not in the churches but they are those that go out. It is the disciple who obeys God and does as he is told by the spirit. They share the manna from heaven to the far reaches of earth.
